Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/overview/architecture/README.md

## Proposal Generic Contract

> At its core, the FPS features a **Proposal Contract**. This contract defines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Proposal.sol](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator/blob/main/src/proposals/Proposal.sol)  defines
```

> [proposal-functions](proposal-functions.md), customizable by the protocol utilizing FPS. The `run` function serve as the entry point to execute a proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[functions](proposal-functions.md) that can be overridden to adapt to specific governance architectures. The `run` function serves as the entry point to execute a proposal using `forge script`. 
```

## Governance Specific Contracts

> FPS accommodates different Governance types (e.g., Timelock, Multisig, Governor Bravo) through specialized contracts. These Governance Specific Contracts inherit from the Proposal Contract, tailoring their functions to unique governance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FPS supports different Governance types (e.g., Timelock, Multisig, Governor Bravo, Governor OZ), through proposal contracts types inheriting from [Proposal.sol](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator/blob/main/src/proposals/Proposal.sol), customizing their functions to unique governance requirements. New proposal types can be included to support different governance contracts.  
```

## Proposal Specific Contract

> Protocols using FPS must create their own Proposal Specific Contracts, conforming to FPS standards. These contracts override functions relevant to the particular proposal, such as `deploy()` and `afterDeployMock()` for proposals involving new contract deployments. For more details, refer to [proposal functions](proposal-functions.md).

Reviewer: This is not part of FPS architecture. I believe we should move this to the guides section.

Reviewer 2: This is part of how FPS works though, each protocol has to inherit and extend to use things. Yes it is not part of FPS, but it's how it works, so it seems fitting to put this in the architecture section.

## Post Proposal Check

> Protocols should implement a [Post Proposal Check](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/tree/main/test/bravo/BravoPostProposalCheck.sol) contract. This contract is tasked with deploying Proposal instances and invoking `proposal.run()` for simulation purposes. Integration tests should inherit from `Post Proposal Check`.

Reviewer: This is not part of FPS architecture. I believe we should move this to the guides section. Let's make things as simples as possible

Reviewer 2: agreed on this one, there's many ways to skin it, I personally agree with using Post Proposal Check, but it isn't part of core FPS arch.

## Proposal Specific Contract

> Protocols using FPS must create their own Proposal Specific Contracts, conforming to FPS standards. These contracts override functions relevant to the particular proposal, such as `deploy()` and `afterDeployMock()` for proposals involving new contract deployments. For more details, refer to [internal functions](internal-functions.md).

Reviewer 2: why are you linking to this if `internal-functions` file has been deleted?

Author: fixed
